Let's move on to the exercise for
part six, which is going to look familiar.
Because it's exactly the same
as the exercise for part five,
except now we have some new tools,
that we can use to solve it more
elegantly than before, as promised.
So once again, we have sum of numbers,
product of norms, same setup as before,
we have this vec of numbers.
Same sum product and average functions.
Everything's exactly
the same thing as before.
Except, now we have two new
ways that we can do this.
And one is to have, this thing
except a reference to a vac of i64,
instead of vec of i64.
That's straightforward but, as a bonus,
I recommend trying to also
have it accept a slice.
Using ampersand i64 and
the dot as slice method or you can say,
use the like square brackets if you
want to just give it a sub slice.
Whatever you prefer to do there.
Basically the reason that I suggest doing
this is that in practice you'll actually
encounter this quite a lot,
in Rust documentation because.
Basically since, slices don't require
any heap allocations, it's pretty
common practice the C functions, that
will say, give me a slice of this thing.
And it's understood that most
likely what you have is a vec.
But because converting between vec and
slice is so cheap.
This is a little bit more flexible
to accept a slice because now,
it works with either a slice or a vec.
Whereas if you require, passing in
a reference to a vec, that means that,
if all you've got is a slice,
you can't pass that to the function.
So I recommend trying it both ways, that
definitely the quicker way is option one.
Where you just add, change these two
reference types and then borrow.
But option two where you accept a slice,
is sort of the more involved way of
doing it, but not by a whole lot.